NARRATOR Anistar City,
where Ash will have a chance
to earn his seventh
Kalos Gym badge
and the battle
is about to begin!
LADY OLYMPIA 'Keep an eye on the
past as you decide'
'who you will be in the future.'
Remember this as we battle.
Right, my path is to get
that seventh Gym badge
for sure!
[AGREEMENT]
Hah! Then let us begin!
You will be battling
these Meowstic.
[READY]
So it's a Double Battle.
Ash will be battling
Olympia's strongest duo.
Alright. I'm ready.
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a Hero ♪
♪ The future of the world ♪
♪ Is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
All Eyes On the Future!
COSETTE
What do we do with this?
SOPHIE 'Olympia said
she would get a replacement'
'but I don't know..'
Hi! We're here to shoot
some video for a story.
You're members
of Professor Sycamore's staff.
‐ Correct?
‐ Yes.
We heard about
this amazing sundial
so we want to do a piece on it.
We'd love
a comment from you, please?
Look straight into the camera.
Well, recent research has shown
that the energy given off
by this sundial
is the same as the energy
that Pokémon release
'during Mega Evolution.'
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
The same? No way!
CHARLENE 'Alright, the Anistar
Gym battle
between Ash, the
challenger'
'and Olympia,
the Anistar Gym Leader'
'is about to begin.'
'This is a Double Battle.'
'Each Trainer will battle
with two Pokémon at once'
'and there will be
no substitutions.'
No substitutions, huh?
[CONCERN]
BONNIE
I'm so nervous.
CLEMONT Both her Pokémon
are Psychic‐types
so I wonder what kind of battle
she's planning.
I'm sure she'd be
a tough opponent
for any challenger.
‐ Right.
‐ Ash can handle it, no doubt.
He always has.
He's constantly looking ahead.
Ash will find a way.
Yes, of course he will!
BONNIE
Good luck! You'll be great!
And your Pokémon?
If you please.
Right.
Okay. I choose you!
[APPEARING]
[READY]
[chuckles]
And your other Pokémon?
[DETERMINED]
Hold on, Pikachu.
I want you to cheer us on.
[DISAPPOINTED]
Talonflame, I choose you!
[APPEARING]
Talonflame's his second.
Give it your best, okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXCITED]
Good! Now, battle begin!
Helping Hand and Future Sight
at the same time.
[HELPING HAND MOVE]
[FUTURE SIGHT MOVE]
There it is, Future Sight.
It won't matter.
I'll finish this
before Future Sight lands.
Frogadier, Aerial Ace!
[EXERTION]
Talonflame, Flame Charge,
let's go!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[ATTACK]
‐ Ah!
‐ Huh?
[ANNOYED]
Nah. We'll be just fine.
So what will you do?
Alright, you two,
I want you to keep
a close eye on how
the Meowstic move.
[EXERTION]
Talonflame, use Flame Charge
on the male.
Frogadier, use Water Pulse
on the female.
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Alright, Light Screen.
Then, Dark Pulse!
[LIGHT SCREEN MOVE]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
That's marvelous!
Any damage will be reduced
by Light Screen.
[CONFUSED]
[PAINED]
Frogadier, catch Talonflame.
[EXERTION]
PIKACHU
[WORRIED]
[REASSURE]
They defended it.
Of course they did.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE The male's
Ability is Prankster.
CLEMONT
I see. That's why.
SERENA
What does that mean?
The male can use a support move
like Light Screen
before its opponent attacks.
That means it can protect
the female Meowstic
before Ash can
even make his move.
Prankster aids Helping Hand
to boost the female's attack
and opponents
can't even get a move in.
Those Meowstic
are way too strong.
SERENA
'Oh, Ash.'
Well, well. Something wrong?
Where's that spirit
you showed before?
Alright, both of you,
use Psyshock!
[PSYSHOCK MOVE]
Dodge it, quick!
[EXERTION]
[gasps]
Uh‐oh. What's happening now?
That's a Psychic move?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE 'The female's
ability must be Keen Eye.'
SERENA
'"Keen Eye?"'
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
'That ability makes it
'extremely difficult
for an opponent to dodge.'
[PAINED]
‐ Huh!
‐ Frogadier, Talonflame!
FROGADIER/TALONFLAME
[PAINED]
Are you okay?
[REASSURE]
Now I get Olympia's strategy.
Let's counterattack!
[EXERTION]
The time is now.
[SHOCKED]
[PAINED]
[CONCERNED]
There's the Future Sight.
SERENA
'What timing.'
CLEMONT
Perfection!
Just when Ash
was making his move
'Olympia's timing stopped that!'
What do I do?
Yeah!
Pikachu,
I want to try something.
[CURIOUS]
Okay, now. Listen closely.
Good. Do what you can.
This will be your test.
I'm all ready.
I'll pass your test.
[DETERMINED]
LADY OLYMPIA
[laughing]
Okay, we're go combine
some moves now.
Talonflame, Brave Bird!
[BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
Frogadier, Double Team, go!
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
There must be
a million Frogadier.
And that's a great move
to hide the real one.
It won't work.
Quick, Meowstic!
Helping Hand and Dark Pulse!
[HELPING HAND MOVE]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Now! Alright,
Frogadier, use Cut!
[CUT MOVE]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
‐ Ah!
‐ Let's go!
[BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
Thunder Wave!
[THUNDER WAVE MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
[EXERTION]
[WORRIED]
CLEMONT/SERENA
Huh?
Frogadier!
[DAZED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Sigilyph!
SIGILYPH
[EXERTION]
Frogadier!
[WORRIED]
[CONCERNED]
Use Helping Hand
and Future Sight!
[HELPING HAND MOVE]
[FUTURE SIGHT MOVE]
Here it comes.
[READY]
[EXERTION]
Well, whatever they're up to
is a mystery to me.
Pikachu?
What's Pikachu doing?
[FOCUSED]
Now let's just see
how you respond to this.
Use Psyshock!
[PSYSHOCK MOVE]
Get in there, Talonflame,
and use Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
Ah? What's this?
If we can't dodge,
we'll attack!
Offense is the best defense!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Yes! Way to go, Frogadier!
[PAINED]
Alright, Talonflame,
let 'em have it!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
Are you alright?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Yeah, it worked!
Light Screen's
not able to defend
against physical attacks.
That was a marvelous idea!
Classic Ash
battle strategy.
Offense is the best defense!
That was awesome, Talonflame!
Now don't let up, Frogadier.
Use Aerial Ace!
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Oh, no!
‐ Dark Pulse, go!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
[SHOCKED]
FROGADIER/TALONFLAME
[PAINED]
Frogadier! Talonflame!
[DAZED]
That was Future Sight.
Hmm. There's no way
you can stop Future Sight.
[STRUGGLING]
Hey, are you two alright?
[REASSURE]
Okay.
What do you say, buddy?
[REASSURE]
Go ahead!
Frogadier and Talonflame.
Counterattack!
[EXERTION]
Now what?
They're up to something.
They sure are.
Don't worry about them.
Yeah, show them who's boss!
[EXCITED]
Your spirit is impressive.
Olympia, we're just
getting started.
I'm gonna get
that Gym badge!
In that case, use Helping Hand
and Future Sight again.
[FUTURE SIGHT MOVE]
This is it! Future Sight!
[CONCERNED]
[FUTURE SIGHT MOVE]
PIKACHU
[EXERTION]
Again?
What in the world
are they trying to do out there?
Let's go!
[ATTACK]
Dark Pulse and Psyshock!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[PSYSHOCK MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Frogadier,
ride on Talonflame!
[EXERTION]
Whoa! That was close.
Dodge, dodge, dodge!
They intercepted
the attack before.
What are they doing now?
SERENA 'The Future Sight's
coming soon.'
PIKACHU
[EXERTION]
Now, Talonflame, Nose Dive!
[NOSE DIVE MOVE]
[gasps]
Do it now!
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
‐ How clever.
‐ Now grab hold of the Meowstic!
[EXERTION]
[WORRIED]
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
[FOCUSED]
Right! Hey, heads up, you two,
here it comes!
[EXERTION]
Awesome!
That Future Sight is ours!
[STRUGGLING]
[PAINED]
Meowstic! Are you okay?
Alright!
So, Ash's plan was to hit
the Meowstic
with its own Future Sight
all along.
Ash and his strategies
never cease to amaze me.
Well done. That timing..
That's what I was looking for.
[DAZED]
Are you still able to go on?
[DETERMINED]
Now both of you use Psyshock!
[PSYSHOCK MOVE]
Use Cut!
[PAINED]
‐ Uh!
‐ Still paralyzed!
Talonflame,
give Frogadier a lift!
Use your speed to help out
with that Cut!
[EXERTION]
[GRATEFUL]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Use Helping Hand and Dark Pulse
and close the pincer!
[HELPING HAND MOVE]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Use Flame Charge!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
‐ Ah!
‐ Go, Ash!
Working together like that
'they're more than twice
as strong as on their own!'
Awesome! Okay, you two,
now, let's finish this!
[DETERMINED]
[EXERTION]
Use Flame Charge!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
[SHOCKED]/[CONCERNED]
Now, Frogadier,
use Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Ah! Use Psyshock!
[PSYSHOCK MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[gasping]
[DETERMINED]
ASH
'Don't give up!'
[gasps]
ASH 'We're going to the top
together, right?'
'You can do it, Frogadier!'
'You can't give up now!'
[ATTACK]
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
ASH
'Do it!'
LADY OLYMPIA
'Meowstic!'
[SHOCKED]
[PAINED]
CHARLENE 'Both Meowstic
are unable to battle!'
'Talonflame and Frogadier win!'
'The victory goes to Ash,
the challenger!'
Alright!
[EXCITED]
They won!
Yay! Yay!
[EXCITED]
Frogadier! Talonflame!
You were amazing!
[PAINED]
Frogadier, no!
[PROUD]
The two of you together
were totally incredible.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Buddy,
you were really great, too!
[CONTENT]
You gave it everything you had
and battled very bravely.
Now take a good rest.
ASH
'Thank you so much, Olympia!'
LADY OLYMPIA 'Young man,
during our battle'
'you truly were one
with your Pokémon.'
And I could sense those
strong bonds
with all your Pokémon.
That's love.
The true power of love!
You battled very well,
Frogadier and Talonflame
and you too, Pikachu.
Pikachu?
Pikachu was timing exactly
when the Future Sight attacks
would go off.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Yeah?
Wow, that's what it was.
A true victory for teamwork.
So, Olympia,
during the battle
were you able to decipher
any of Frogadier's future?
Um, yes, I perceived great love
during its final move.
I believe you and Frogadier
will achieve
even greater heights together.
[SHOCKED]
One thing about this love!
If the two of you do not go
forward with sincere purpose
then great danger
awaits you both.
So, please,
do not lose sight of your dream.
Right!
And now, proof of your victory
at the Anistar Gym.
It's the Psychic Badge.
[EXCITED]
Alright.
I got the Psychic Badge!
PIKACHU/TALONFLAME
[EXCITED]
Congratulations, Ash!
One more badge
until the Kalos League!
‐ You've come such a long way!
‐ You have.
Both you and your Pokémon.
'Truly marvelous!'
I'm impressed!
I've wanted to ask you something
all this time.
The danger you were
seeing around Kalos
what exactly was it?
Green fire.
A flickering green flame.
I saw it engulf Kalos
and threaten to consume
all of the people
and Pokémon
in that swirling fire.
You will all play
a substantial role
in the chaos and turmoil.
And every one of the villains
who tried to steal the sundial.
You mean, Team Rocket?
LADY OLYMPIA What role you play
is up to you.
Be sure to take good care.
The great whirlwind
threatens to engulf you all.
[screaming]
Is this a cold?
[sighs]
Hmm, I don't have a fever.
MEOWTH Maybe some yahoo's
yapping about us.
ASH 'Professor, thanks
for cheering us on!'
PIKACHU
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I should thank you.
It was a truly marvelous battle
to behold.
And for that, here's the most
recently updated Pokédex.
'One for Serena, too.'
Thank you very much!
‐ I'm jealous!
‐ Maybe when you're a bit older.
Those units also contain
all of our current research
on Mega Evolution.
I hope it helps you
on future adventures!
Thanks!
Have you decided
where you'll go
for your final Gym battle?
No, I haven't thought about it.
Let's see
where the nearest Gym is.
'Ta‐da! Here!'
Snowbelle City.
Great! That's where we'll go!
[EXCITED]
NARRATOR
Following a tough battle
at the Anistar City Gym
Ash finally managed to win
his seventh Kalos Gym badge!
Now, what does the future
that Olympia predicted hold?
What dangers await?
The answers..
LADY OLYMPIA
Deep green eyes..
What is this
you're trying to tell me?
[gasps]
NARRATOR
...as the journey continues!
[theme music]